Adds Fourier coefficient visualization tools to fourier module (#1198)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/code/qml_fourier.rst

   The visualization functions are structured to accept ``matplotlib`` axes as
   arguments so that additional configuration (such as adding titles, saving,
   etc.) can be done outside the functions. Many of the plots, however, require
   a precise number of subplots. The examples below demonstrate how the subplots
   should be created for each function.

Visualizing a single set of coefficients
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

While all the functions available for visualizing multiple sets of coefficients
can be used for a single set, the primary tool for this purpose is the
``fourier_bar_plot`` function.

.. code::

   from functools import partial
   import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
   import pennylane as qml
   from pennylane.fourier import *

   dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=2)

   @qml.qnode(dev)
   def simple_circuit(x):
       qml.RY(x[0], wires=0)
       qml.CNOT(wires=[1, 0])
       qml.RX(x[0], wires=0)
       return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

   coeffs = fourier_coefficients(simple_circuit, 1, 2)

   >>> coeffs
   [0.5 +0.j 0.  +0.j 0.25+0.j 0.25+0.j 0.  +0.j]

   
   # Set up the axes
   fig, ax = plt.subplots(2, 1, sharex=True, sharey=True)

>    fourier_bar_plot(coeffs, 1, ax)

Reviewer: Or, better, maybe just `bar_plot`?

>    fourier_bar_plot(coeffs, 1, ax)

Author: I wanted to give them names that indicate the module but I suppose `fourier.fourier_bar_plot` looks a little redundant now that I look at it with the module name in front. I like `fourier.coefficients_bar_plot`, `fourier.coefficients_radial_box_plot`, etc.

   
       qml.Rot(*w[0], wires=0)
       qml.Rot(*w[1], wires=1)
       qml.CNOT(wires=[1, 0])
       
       qml.RX(x[0], wires=0)
       qml.RY(x[1], wires=1)
       qml.CNOT(wires=[1, 0])
       
       return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

   coeffs = fourier_coefficients(partial(circuit_with_weights, weights), 2, 2)

   # Number of inputs is now two; pass custom colours as well
   fig, ax = plt.subplots(2, 1, sharex=True, sharey=True, figsize=(15, 4))
   fourier_bar_plot(coeffs, 2, ax, colour_dict={"real" : "red", "imag" : "blue"});
   plt.suptitle("Circuit with weights bar plot", fontsize=14)

.. image:: ../_static/fourier_vis_bar_plot_2.png
    :align: center 
    :Width: 100%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

|
	     
Two convenience functions are also provided to visualize 1- and 2-dimensional
functions given a set of Fourier coefficients:
:func:`~.pennylane.fourier.fourier_reconstruct_function_1D_plot` and
:func:`~.pennylane.fourier.fourier_reconstruct_function_2D_plot`. For example,
``circuit_with_weights`` has two input parameters with respect to which we computed
Fourier coefficients, so we can plot its output:

.. code::

   fourier_reconstruct_function_2D_plot(coeffs)

>    plt.title("Expectation value for circuit with weights", fontsize=14)

Reviewer: I would add `x[0]` and `x[1]` here to the axes, so it is immediately clear what the numbers mean

   
.. image:: ../_static/fourier_vis_2D_func.png
    :align: center
    :width: 400px
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Visualizing multiple sets of coefficients
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Suppose we have not just one set of coefficients, but many sets due to
> differences in the value of ``weights`` in the circuit above. While the
> underlying frequency spectrum will not change, the values of the coefficients
> themselves will vary. The following code generates multiple sets of coefficients:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose we do not want to visualize the Fourier coefficients for a fixed 
`weights` argument in `circuit_with_weights`, but the distribution over sets of Fourier coefficients 
when the weights are randomly sampled. For each `weights` sample we get a different set of coefficients:
```

.. code::

   coeffs = []

   for _ in range(100):
       weights = np.random.normal(0, 1, size=(2, 3))
       c = fourier_coefficients(partial(circuit_with_weights, weights), 2, degree=2)
       coeffs.append(np.round(c, decimals=8))
       
   coeffs = np.array(coeffs)

One option to plot the distribution is :func:`~.pennylane.fourier.fourier_violin_plot`:

.. code::

   fig, ax = plt.subplots(2, 1, sharey=True, figsize=(15, 4))
   fourier_violin_plot(coeffs, 2, ax, show_freqs=True);
   plt.suptitle("Distribution of coefficients for circuit with weights", fontsize=16)
      
   
.. image:: ../_static/fourier_vis_violin.png
    :align: left
    :width: 100%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

|
	     
A similar option is the :func:`~.pennylane.fourier.fourier_box_plot`, which
produces a plot of the same format but using a box plot.
	    

> A vastly different view can obtained using the	     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A different view can obtained using the	     
```

:func:`~.pennylane.fourier.fourier_radial_box_plot` function. This "rolls up"
the coefficients onto a polar grid. Let us use it to visualize the same set of
coefficients as above:

.. code::

   # The subplot axes must be *polar* for the radial plots
   fig, ax = plt.subplots(
       1, 2, sharex=True, sharey=True,
       subplot_kw=dict(polar=True),
       figsize=(15, 8)
   )
   fourier_radial_box_plot(coeffs, 2, ax, show_freqs=True, show_fliers=False)
   plt.suptitle("Distribution of coefficients for circuit with weights", fontsize=16)
   plt.tight_layout()

   
.. image:: ../_static/fourier_vis_radial_box.png
    :align: center
    :width: 700px
    :target: javascript:void(0);

|

> The left plot displays the real portion, and the right the imaginary
> portion. The labels on the "spokes" of the wheels represent the particular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The left plot displays the real part, and the right the imaginary
part of the distribution over a parametrized quantum circuit's 
Fourier coefficients. The labels on the "spokes" of the wheels represent the particular
```

frequencies; we see that this matches the coefficients we found earlier. Note
how the coefficient :math:`c_0` appears in the top middle of each plot; the
negative frequencies extend counterclockwise from that point, and the positive
frequencies increase in the clockwise direction. Such plots allow for a more
compact representation of a large number of frequencies than the linear violin
and box plots discussed above. For a large number of frequencies, however, it is
recommended to disable the frequency labelling by setting ``show_freqs=False``,
and hiding box plot fliers as was done above.

Finally, for the special case of 1- or 2-dimensional functions, we can use the
:func:`~.pennylane.fourier.fourier_panel_plot` to plot the distributions of the

> individual coefficients on the complex plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sampled sets of Fourier coefficients on the complex plane.
```
